thirty two hundred meters a long run to
the first turn four zero bad up in the
air when the starter hit the button the
favorite from gate one was on his back
legs and he's a back marker at the end
of the first 100 meters Kurt Iraq came
out quickly big orange passed away to
Lina going forward neo black deer
settling on the pace as they linked with
the cause proper a lengthened a half to
manatee and then secured on the inside
of Meadow Creek half a Guinea and wide
vizier Abed settles third last our
Empire second last and paradise the
German filly is two lengths away at the
tape of the field as they string out
down the stretch the first time and Kurt
Iraq showed the way gin 2nd place as
they come down to the judge a break of
five lengths to neo black deer another
three lengths away was to leader a
lengthened a half to half a guinea
three-quarters to manatee two links
Tomino Creek to Vizier Abed a length
secure you followed by star Empire and
paradise is two and a half lengths away
at the rear of the field must be 15
lengths from first to last they ran the
first quarter in 25.9 the first 800
meters in 49.7 and now they're wending
their way towards the back of the track
going past the 2,000 meters marker and
Kurt Iraq led by a touch more than a
late big orange in second place
Theo black deer is 5 lengths away
running third a break of four to talena
three-quarters to half a guinea
three-quarters to manatee three-quarters
of a length away came Meadowcreek a
lengthened a half by zero bad and then
two and a half lengths to star Empire on
the inside of Suki you and Paradise is
two and a half away bringing up the rear
and still is 15 lengths or more from the
leader Kurt Iraq as they work down the
back of the course 1,200 meters in one
15.3 1,600 meters in one 41.5 they're
not leaving any scorch marks on the turf
and midway between the back bends Kurt
Iraq two in front of big orange
who's had the perfect run it's a break
now of eight lengths
- Neo black deer 3/4 of a length away 2
liter then three lengths - half a Guinea
3/4 to manatee the same gap tomato Creek
2 lengths mizura bad the favorite is a
country mile away from the leaders as
they win their way out of the back
straight a length away star Empire then
secured you in paradise a further four
away Kurd Iraq at the 800 meters peg is
two and a half in front big orange in
second place neo black deer a further
three lengths away two leaner on the
rail then half a guinea manatee Meadow
Creek but zero bad big wound up now in
front of star Empire Sookie you and
paradise whip them in a skirt Iraq came
back there on the swing for home 450
meters out big orange pounced and ran to
the front big orange grab the lead found
more than a length but here is the serie
bed and half a Guinea descending down
the center of the track big orange flag
to the boards passing the 200 meters
mark 4 0 band moved up on the outside
the Sarabande reels in big orange big
orange fights back 4-0 burn but a head
in front a neck in front and 4 0 bad to
good for 0 bad for big orange second
photo third Amir nose between secure and
half a Guinea clear of Manatee Meadow
Creek star Empire neo black dear Kurt
direct to Lena and paradise was always
last of all written with supreme
confidence is the first comment